how's it going everyone my name is James
and welcome to episode 3 of the road
fireman's you care I'd like to start
this episode off by thanking everyone
for the support on the last two episode
it has been insane both episodes have
got over hundred likes that is just
amazing especially episode 2 because it
got like 90 likes in the first three
four hours of a being up so that is
amazing and as you can see what on 4200
clients I've spent most of my coins
nearly olam and yet again they're all in
forms in form is the way to go got my
notepad here to tell you guys how much I
can probably sell them for so first of
all we got this collar of who's
obviously going to be a on people a lot
of people's teams cuz he's from munch SC
got him for 16k probably selling for
like 21 k hopefully or 20 k MN is here
born for 20k selling for 24 k hopefully
I got a Denver bar here for 18k up and
I'm hoping up and said I'm for 20k I
might have to keep we listening because
it'll just be a there's a lot there's
like a few and 20k but it's just someone
who needs him in the 451 a little by him
ecology knee here this pretty nice deal
for 23k at 250 coins in the full 12 12
usually concern for around 29 maybe 30 k
if we're lucky on a good day Samba here
for 14k I sold it to for 18k last
episode but his price has gone down a
little so 16 k hopefully for him him
sorry Eagles and 14k I've never heard of
him so I don't know if he's popular to
Bible she'll be able seven for 16 k or
then when you hear this quite a good
deal for 16 k in the 4 12 12 hopefully
sell him for 21 k island I'm Stan
destroyed a lot of Island a bottom for
2017 k sorry I can hopefully sell him
for 22 k cuz he sent a mid Palacio here
for 22 k up an office at him for 25k
nanny here this is quite a good one for
12 on 286 version so it's like the first
in forum for 36 k I can hopefully sell
him for forty to care Denver Bob again
for 17 k of this one hopefully sell him
for 20k men is he for twenty thousand
two hundred fifty coins trying to get 23
24 care for him and
muggy oh I don't know hype Nance are in
44 to hopefully get around 35 give him
so I'm hoping to reach 300 k in this
episode I don't know we might scrape it
but if we don't then we won't be far off
but yeah I'm the list all these items of
items up now so if you try it enjoyed
the first part the video and I'm please
hit that like button and I'll be back
for the second half and I will see you
all in so guys I'm back and as you can
see what on 288 care and got one thing
to tell you guys in when we sure i'll
show you all the treads and then i'll
when i get across to it then i'll show
you but and we should be on 307 k or
something like that but I've made a big
loss this episode and I'll show you it
when I gather and but here we go got
caller of who we bought for 16 k we
solved 21 k has it been resold no he
hasn't then we got menez for 20k we sold
him for 24 k a bar here we bought him
for 20 we bought for 18k so I'm for 20k
collar cheney here we sought actually
has been restored for 24 k we bought
them for 23,500 coins sold in the 29 k
samba here we bought for 14k and sold
for 16 k is he being resold no he hasn't
and eagles here we bought for for always
actually been resold for 17 k so it's a
bit bad butter we bought 14 clear sort
of 16 k one of the best trades of this
episode is this Odemwingie he was
actually again being resold so not being
the best written but we still made
bought 30 a profit at bottom for 17 k s
14 21 island here we bought he's been
resolved for 250 coins s we bought them
for 17 k saw them for 19 k we bought a
mentor with their Nana for 36 kids on 42
k Palacio we bought for 22 k sort of 24
k & bar we bought for 17 k so for 20
he's being resold menez we bought for 20
k s all for 20 1750 and this is the loss
of the episode look at this we bumped
30k some for 17 k now this just shows
that even though i am trade them in like
40 k there since the start of simple
since I step sword and Ivan 30 ok this
episode it's
I can make a loss and I actually am
picked him 30k and I could have sold him
for more boy he was just taking too long
so for to get this video out I decided
to just put him on a hundred fifty by
now thinking that he'd go for a run
about 30k at least and some guys off
he's got a great deal here for 17 k so
we've made up about 14 k loss on wampler
where's though we should have had like a
2k profit and as you can see here I'll
quickly search and the cheapest in any
formation is 29 k so that guy's got a
really nice dealer and that is probably
no it isn't because it's too late but
yeah so that guy's got a really nice
deal here and I'll quickly go right wing
and see if there's any see if there's
any invite win for that much yeah look
so he could probably sounds like 30k but
he was in the fall for two as well it
just wasn't selling for me so I've made
a big a big loss this episode so I
apologize for that but we still made a
round about 35 k profit so yeah guys if
you enjoyed the episode then please hit
the thumbs up button and the pasta
episodes have been amazing and also if
you click the link in the description it
will go to my Twitter you guys can talk
to be there and I can I always send
screenshots of good trades that I've got
and yeah and a lot of people have been
asking me how I find these droids I'm
gonna tell you guys after I've reached
my goal and i'll be making a proper
series on that so yeah i will see you
all in bye